Implement junit test reporter (#15205)
oven-sh/bun: docs/cli/test.md

The test runner runs all tests in a single process. It loads all `--preload` scripts (see [Lifecycle](https://bun.sh/docs/test/lifecycle) for details), then runs all tests. If a test fails, the test runner will exit with a non-zero exit code.

## CI/CD integration

`bun test` supports a variety of CI/CD integrations.

### GitHub Actions

`bun test` automatically detects if it's running inside GitHub Actions and will emit GitHub Actions annotations to the console directly.

No configuration is needed, other than installing `bun` in the workflow and running `bun test`.

#### How to install `bun` in a GitHub Actions workflow

To use `bun test` in a GitHub Actions workflow, add the following step:

```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    name: build-app
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Install bun
        uses: oven-sh/setup-bun
      - name: Install dependencies # (assuming your project has dependencies)
        run: bun install # You can use npm/yarn/pnpm instead if you prefer
      - name: Run tests
        run: bun test
```

From there, you'll get GitHub Actions annotations.

### JUnit XML reports (GitLab, etc.)

> To use `bun test` with a JUnit XML reporter, you can use the `--junit-report` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `bun test` with a JUnit XML reporter, you can use the `--reporter=junit` in combination with `--reporter-outfile`.
```

```sh

> $ bun test --junit-report=./bun.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ bun test --reporter=junit --reporter-outfile=./bun.xml
```
